Enhancement reorganize tutorials and add installation procedure (#8)
cyberbotics/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Advanced/Simulators/Installation-Linux.rst

Installation (Linux)
======================================

**Goal:** Install the ``webots_ros2`` package and run simulation examples on Linux.

**Tutorial level:** Advanced

**Time:** 10 minutes

.. contents:: Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:

Background
----------

The ``webots_ros2`` package provides an interface between ROS 2 and Webots.

> It includes several sub-packages, including ``webots_ros2_driver``, which allows to start and communicate with Webots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It includes several sub-packages, including ``webots_ros2_driver``, which allows to start Webots and communicate with it.
```

> The interface is used in most of the next tutorials, so it is important to install the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This interface is used in most of the following tutorials, so it is required to install beforehand.
```

Other sub-packages are mainly examples that show multiple possible implementations using the interface.
In this tutorial, you are going to install the package and learn how to run one of these examples.

Prerequisites
-------------

It is recommended to understand basic ROS principles covered in the beginner :doc:`../../../Tutorials`.
In particular, :doc:`../../Beginner-Client-Libraries/Creating-A-Workspace/Creating-A-Workspace` and :doc:`../../Beginner-Client-Libraries/Creating-Your-First-ROS2-Package` are useful prerequisites.

> Webots is a prerequisite to use the ``webots_ros2`` package. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Webots software should be installed in order to use the ``webots_ros2`` interface. 
```

You can follow the `installation procedure <https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/installation-procedure>`_ or `build it from sources <https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/wiki/Linux-installation/>`_.

> Alternatively, you can also let ``webots_ros2`` download Webots automatically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also let ``webots_ros2`` download and install Webots automatically. 
```

> This option appears when you launch a example of the package and no Webots installation is found. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option appears when you launch an example of the package and no Webots installation is found. 
```

Multiple Installations of Webots
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If you have more than one installation of Webots, ROS 2 will look for Webots at the following locations (in this order):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have installed different versions of Webots on your computer, ``webots_ros2`` will look for Webots at the following locations (in this order):
```

1. If the ``ROS2_WEBOTS_HOME`` environment variable is set, ROS 2 will use the Webots in this folder, regardless of its version.
2. If the ``WEBOTS_HOME`` environment variable is set, ROS 2 will use the Webots in this folder, regardless of its version.

> 3. If none of the previous points is set/installed ROS 2 will look for Webots in the default installation paths for a compatible version: ``/usr/local/webots`` and ``/snap/webots/current/usr/share/webots``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If none of these variables is set, ``webots_ros2`` will look for Webots in the default installation paths for a compatible version: ``/usr/local/webots`` and ``/snap/webots/current/usr/share/webots``.
```

> 4. If Webots couldn't be found, ``webots_ros2`` will show a window and offer automatic Webots installation of the last compatible version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If Webots couldn't be found, ``webots_ros2`` will show a window offering the automatic installation of the latest compatible version of Webots.
```
